Everything is numbers.

Here's a discussion: Why is it we remember the past and not the future?

Numbers don't lie.

You know that it's considered unsolvable? - Well, certainly people who have failed to solve it think that.

I've gone months without leaving the house.

Larry, have a minute? - Yes. Because we all have exactly the same number of minutes at all times, do we not?

Let me ask one thing. When we met just now, was I coming or going in to the library?

My memory is a memory.

I once had a girl in my combinatorics seminar tell me that I was disorganized and I talked too fast.

That's an accurate observation, actually.

Low-key and memorable aren't mutually exclusive. You know what my favorite date ever was? Pepperoni pizza in a Laundromat.

Sir, you and the pendulum need to leave.

What do you think we should do now? - The same thing when I was in school and I didn't know the answer – fake it.

It's not a code. It's a story told in numbers.

Well, the math department must be the least libidinous place on campus.

Well, it seems like your new math consultant is working out nicely.

Math is nature's language: its method of communicating directly with us. Everything is numbers.

Oh, I see we're off on yet another exciting area of criminology.

I knew that.

Children are wormholes. They're portals into the unreachable future and unattainable past. 

Well as the things stand now, they exist only in the theoretical realms.

Well.. I consider, you might have some trouble selling a woman the idea of carrying your wormhole.

What, you didn't think I'd have a back-up plan?

In the first place, uh, we-we're not even sure that there, that there is a bomb, so … Bomb?

Well, possibly not with these current wind conditions.

You know what they say: Applied physicists are from Venus; Theoretical physicists wonder why it spins in the other direction.

We spent two weeks in a cemetery once, waiting for this guy to show up at his wife's grave. 

Grabbed him as he was putting a dozen roses on her headstone. He's the one that killed her.

Coincidences are a mathematical reality. Statistically unlikely events can and often do occur. Just look at the genesis of our planet.

Well, now, I agree that the factors that brought about life on Earth were statistically unlikely, but given the vastness of the cosmos, the limitless possibilities for matter and energy … I'm with Einstein on this. There are no accidents.
